codebook.md, before:

###Raw Data Collection

The following description were taken from features.txt that accompanied the data set:
````
The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. Then they were filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise. Similarly, the acceleration signal was then separated into body and gravity acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ) using another low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 0.3 Hz. 

Subsequently, the body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain Jerk signals (tBodyAccJerk-XYZ and tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ). Also the magnitude of these three-dimensional signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm (tBodyAccMag, tGravityAccMag, tBodyAccJerkMag, tBodyGyroMag, tBodyGyroJerkMag). 

Finally a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) was applied to some of these signals producing fBodyAcc-XYZ, fBodyAccJerk-XYZ, fBodyGyro-XYZ, fBodyAccJerkMag, fBodyGyroMag, fBodyGyroJerkMag. (Note the 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals).

tBodyAcc-XYZ
tGravityAcc-XYZ
tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
tBodyGyro-XYZ
tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
tBodyAccMag
tGravityAccMag
tBodyAccJerkMag
tBodyGyroMag
tBodyGyroJerkMag
fBodyAcc-XYZ
fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
fBodyGyro-XYZ
fBodyAccMag
fBodyAccJerkMag
fBodyGyroMag
fBodyGyroJerkMag

The set of variables that were estimated from these signals are: 

mean(): Mean value
std(): Standard deviation
mad(): Median absolute deviation 
max(): Largest value in array
min(): Smallest value in array
sma(): Signal magnitude area
energy(): Energy measure. Sum of the squares divided by the number of values. 
iqr(): Interquartile range 
entropy(): Signal entropy
arCoeff(): Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4
correlation(): correlation coefficient between two signals
maxInds(): index of the frequency component with largest magnitude
meanFreq(): Weighted average of the frequency components to obtain a mean frequency
skewness(): skewness of the frequency domain signal 
kurtosis(): kurtosis of the frequency domain signal 
bandsEnergy(): Energy of a frequency interval within the 64 bins of the FFT of each window.
angle(): Angle between to vectors.
````
###Data cleanup:

The following steps were taken to prepare the data set according to project requirements:
- create one features data set from the training and test sets
- extract mean and standard deviation records for each measurement
- assign descriptive activity names
- label the data set with descriptive variable names.
- create a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject

Commit message:

add more details to codebook

codebook.md, after:

###Raw Data Collection

The following description were taken from features.txt that accompanied the data set:
````
The features selected for this database come from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. These time domain signals (prefix 't' to denote time) were captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz. Then they were filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise. Similarly, the acceleration signal was then separated into body and gravity acceleration signals (tBodyAcc-XYZ and tGravityAcc-XYZ) using another low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 0.3 Hz. 

Subsequently, the body linear acceleration and angular velocity were derived in time to obtain Jerk signals (tBodyAccJerk-XYZ and tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ). Also the magnitude of these three-dimensional signals were calculated using the Euclidean norm (tBodyAccMag, tGravityAccMag, tBodyAccJerkMag, tBodyGyroMag, tBodyGyroJerkMag). 

Finally a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) was applied to some of these signals producing fBodyAcc-XYZ, fBodyAccJerk-XYZ, fBodyGyro-XYZ, fBodyAccJerkMag, fBodyGyroMag, fBodyGyroJerkMag. (Note the 'f' to indicate frequency domain signals).

tBodyAcc-XYZ
tGravityAcc-XYZ
tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
tBodyGyro-XYZ
tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
tBodyAccMag
tGravityAccMag
tBodyAccJerkMag
tBodyGyroMag
tBodyGyroJerkMag
fBodyAcc-XYZ
fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
fBodyGyro-XYZ
fBodyAccMag
fBodyAccJerkMag
fBodyGyroMag
fBodyGyroJerkMag

The set of variables that were estimated from these signals are: 

mean(): Mean value
std(): Standard deviation
mad(): Median absolute deviation 
max(): Largest value in array
min(): Smallest value in array
sma(): Signal magnitude area
energy(): Energy measure. Sum of the squares divided by the number of values. 
iqr(): Interquartile range 
entropy(): Signal entropy
arCoeff(): Autorregresion coefficients with Burg order equal to 4
correlation(): correlation coefficient between two signals
maxInds(): index of the frequency component with largest magnitude
meanFreq(): Weighted average of the frequency components to obtain a mean frequency
skewness(): skewness of the frequency domain signal 
kurtosis(): kurtosis of the frequency domain signal 
bandsEnergy(): Energy of a frequency interval within the 64 bins of the FFT of each window.
angle(): Angle between to vectors.
````
###Data cleanup:

The following steps were taken to prepare the data set according to project requirements:
- created one features data set from the training and test sets
  - X_train.txt and X_test.txt were combined
  - subject_train.txt and subject_test.txt were combined
  - y_train.txt and y_test.txt were combined
  - variables were labeled according to features.txt
- extracted mean and standard deviation records for each measurementi
  - intermediate data set including variables with labels that contain mean and standard deviation(std) in their names
- assigned descriptive activity names
  - activity values were recoded with descriptive names according to activity_labels.txt
- labeled the data set with descriptive variable names
  - variable names were made more descriptive by using full words and removing dashes and parentheses
- created a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject
  - final dataset is saved as average_variables.txt
